Tina Marie: Oh!
Dan: Yellow so annoyed. It's never taken anything this long.
Dan: That's that's life, girl.
Tina Marie: That might be all the things I've been selling while I've been like writing apps and adding code.
Dan: Because you don't have a Mac.
Tina Marie: I do have a Mac. What you talking about, Willis?
Dan: Oh!
Tina Marie: I got 2 of them.
Dan: Oh, there you go!
Tina Marie: But this last update must have been a beast
Tina Marie: never, ever taken that long, even just to upload update or boot.
Tina Marie: But speaking of
Tina Marie: things taking a long time, have you tried? Have you tried the pro version of Chat Gpt and deep research.
Dan: No.
Tina Marie: Bonkers.
Dan: I believe it.
Dan: I definitely I run out of memory with regular $20 Gt. Gpt all the time and then have to go in and delete old conversations that I don't want to retain.
Tina Marie: Billing
Tina Marie: memory, the memory across chats, and then deep researches, capacity to remember and use everything that you've already discussed in a single conversation. Nothing else has come close to it yet.
Tina Marie: and the speed and the iterations just I exponential increase
Tina Marie: in productivity just in the last few days.
Dan: Does it carry over everything that you've already done?
Tina Marie: Not perfectly but incredibly well, yes, it has memory across all of your chats, plus the added new 25% memory plus the length of the conversation doesn't cause it to become incoherent.
Dan: Right.
Tina Marie: Yeah, for all those reasons
Tina Marie: so worth it. All you have to do is have one or 2 useful conversations, and you've got your money's worth out of it.
Dan: Yeah, so you could probably like, get it to summarize your old conversations and then bring that over and be like here. Here's where we're starting.
Tina Marie: Yeah, not only that.
Dan: The book and all that stuff.
Tina Marie: Yes, so not only that. So today or yesterday, one of the things I did to test it, because I noticed it seemed to be recalling things that for sure were not in memory.
Tina Marie: And I so I'm like, do you remember? You know what our master plan is, what we're working on, and it spit it out. And I'm like that was a brand new conversation that was a new thread, and all of that stuff was not in memory. And so I asked it to explain to me what all of its updates were. So yeah.
Tina Marie: crazy. But deep research. So
Tina Marie: one of the things that I've learned that I have to do is so like deep seek. Have you used deep seek.
Dan: No.
Tina Marie: Okay, so deep seek is really fascinating because you can watch its reasoning and logic. And it'll say something like, Okay, so the user is asking me this. I wonder if that this is interesting and fascinating. I'm going to go do some research at this site. This is what I read. Huh? Now I'm going to go explore the left menu. Item, this is fascinating to watch this unfold as I do it like it's so crazy. Well.
Tina Marie: deep research in Chat Gpt does that as well. So you can watch it processing. So I can see the sites that it's using for references. And, for example, so like if I'm getting it to help me with business strategy. And it's going to a site like it went to social media examiner. I'm like, no, that's not where I want you to go. So these are the people that I study. These are the books that I read.
Tina Marie: And then, after I told it that it came back with some more stuff. I said, Okay, well, here's what I want you to do is go back to these, and I gave it more books. And I said, These are the books that I like for business strategy. These are the things I like for marketing. These are the things I like for assistance and tools. These are the things that I like for overall life, perspective, right? Like Victor Frankl's man, search for meaning.
Tina Marie: And so then it was able to go. Oh, so then, what I said was, I want you to tell me if you can find the correlations between these people and their material and my material, because, you know, maybe I'm smoking crack, or whatever. And it came back and it had studied. You know, my all of my transcripts that I had cut down only me right, so it only has my words in it.
Tina Marie: And the 1st version of the book that I wrote, as well as the AI plan that we had come up with up to that point before we even had deep research.
Tina Marie: And so it gave me examples of how each of those things that I used is supported in my material. But it also said, This is why Tina's offering has unique value because it does this, this, this and this, and so then it adjusted the plan that it had built to be very, so much more specific in the way that I would do things in that strategy.
Tina Marie: but the whole point of it was like I was trying to get it to build instructions for me to set up a custom Gpt, and I'm like this almost really just does that because the custom Gpt I wanted was a business strategist. So it can do that now. But it's just, but the speed, like
Tina Marie: the longest search, has been 15 min
Tina Marie: roughly, but when it's come back, after spending 15 min the quality of what it comes back with is
Tina Marie: is is just crazy. So in terms of like.
Tina Marie: I think I think you could feed it a book
Tina Marie: and write your book and have it do your tone with deep research, like, I haven't even tried to do that, because since it came out I've been using it for this strategy. But I think the continuity capability now.
Tina Marie: And the. So a couple days ago you couldn't upload a file to deep research, you can today you can, as of last night.
Tina Marie: and.
Dan: Couldn't upload any file.
Tina Marie: No, no, but you can upload Pdfs and text which you could not before yesterday, and you last week you could not upload a.md file to chat, Gpt anywhere. And now you can.
Tina Marie: And the Markdown file is like 10% of all the other files. Well, obviously, text and Pdf. Are not even comparable when you start getting bigger and bigger. But Markdown files are tiny. You can put hundreds of pages, and it still be less than a megabyte.
Dan: Wow!
Tina Marie: Yeah, so
Tina Marie: the ability to feed it, information that it can retain and process has gotten better and its ability to go through large amounts of data, and then summarize it and extract it to refeed itself to say, Okay, here are the guidelines, the boundaries, and the summaries. But don't forget that we've got all the details inside of this thing
Tina Marie: over every single day. It's changed for the last week.
Tina Marie: Gotten better every single day. They've released some sort of update that I just happen to like. Come across.
Dan: Well, they need to make money.
Tina Marie: Yeah. And apparently
Tina Marie: Gpt 5 is coming out within weeks or months and is going to be free to everybody. But the higher level accounts are going to have higher level thinking, capacity and strategy. But even Gpt 5 will. Basically, it will have all of the existing models.
Tina Marie: and it will be able to choose for you what model you should use, based on the query that you gave it and the prompt that you gave it.
Tina Marie: So the user doesn't have to try to choose. You know what's the best model for figuring this thing out.
Dan: Right.
Tina Marie: Yeah, and for yeah, for free. So just, you know, basically, they're all forcing each other's hands, which is good for us. For right now
Tina Marie: I'll tell you what's not good for us this whole elon and trump thing I was. I'm you know. I'm like, whatever you can't control shit so like, what's the point? But
Tina Marie: it's a little scary, that amount of power like if you imagine it as
Tina Marie: potential power versus kinetic. Right? It's not activated.
Tina Marie: But that is the makings of an atomic bomb. Right there.
Dan: Or it's the dismantling of the power that you didn't recognize was already there.
Tina Marie: Oh, shit we! We knew that that was there, Dan. We bought.
Dan: There.
Dan: No, we didn't, not to the not to the degree that it's wait till they get to the Defense Department.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: In 2020. I think it was in 2020. There's an article, I think it's.
Tina Marie: So the the the long, like the the social media thing.
Dan: No, no, no! In 2020 there's an article I think it's in. The New York Times
Dan: has nothing to do with. This just has to do with the Defense department, and it's called the. It's like.
Dan: I think they call it the 35 trillion dollar black hole.
Dan: meaning 35 trillion dollars went into the defense department that disappeared.
Dan: Well, it didn't disappear.
Dan: Yeah, that's the entire. That's the entire debt.
Dan: So oh, where did that go? And nobody cared right. So now the difference is, somebody cares.
Dan: Elon's whole thing is, I mean, if you look at the things that he talks about, one of the big things that he talked about before. All this, and the reason he got involved was like, we're going to go insolvent. It's all math. He's correct.
Dan: This only leads in one direction his other thing that he talks about all the time that people poo! Poo! But he's 100% correct because it's also math is population implosion.
Dan: And he's like, we're on a really bad path. We're on a bad path of debt. And then many, many countries are on this path of population collapse because they do. The birth rates are dropping, and there's no way to turn that around. You can't make people
Dan: when you need them right. So once you hit a point in the population in the birth rate being too low, there's no pulling out of it, it only it only continues to spiral down. So like Japan, South Korea, I think those guys are on the edge of crossing over, hitting a number where it's like there's no turning back, and you cannot fix it with by importing people. It is not fixable.
Dan: And
Dan: people don't. I? I just think you can't. They can't process that idea, just like you can't process, not you. But like most people can't process that like they would actually waste billions and trillions of dollars like, of course they would. Oh, yeah.
Tina Marie: That that doesn't surprise me. What concerns me is the power and ability to infiltrate, and the speed that the infiltration is happening of data inside of the country and the power and the influence. And what I'm concerned with is that while they're going doing good on one hand, what are they doing? On the other hand.
Dan: Well, they're going to break shit, for sure, but it's like.
Dan: what's the other side of it is, if you let it continue, it's going to break things on such a grander scale that we're all fucked.
Dan: What they're gonna.
Tina Marie: Concerned with, like the Nazi salute, and some of the things that.
Dan: I know.
Tina Marie: Juan says.
Dan: No, because he didn't do a Nazi salute. That's like the dumbest thing ever it's like, give me a break.
Tina Marie: Really, you don't think that that's what that was. Did you.
Dan: No, yes, I don't at all. I wouldn't. I wouldn't think that for a second.
Tina Marie: Wow! Cause I wouldn't think anything else.
Dan: Why people do?
Tina Marie: Bye.
Dan: Do that right, but it usually is followed with some words like, Do you have? Many people have done that exact maneuver and didn't. Why him? Why do you? Why would it apply to him.
Tina Marie: Fingers the pointed finger. Right now he show you feet together.
Dan: No, we didn't. I can show you video upon video of other people doing the same thing, and
Dan: no one said it. Then.
Dan: So why are they saying.
Tina Marie: Oh, I don't care what. I don't care that no one said it. Then I I think that there are a lot of things that people, miss.
Tina Marie: I don't know what it is. Damn! I'm just saying like.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: I'm definitely, if nothing else, the fact that they have as much money and power, and they don't care what people think makes them dangerous. Whether or not they are the potential. That's my point.
Dan: Or if it makes, or it makes you the perfect person to do this.
Tina Marie: Totally possible, totally possible.
Dan: Dude has nothing to.
Tina Marie: And also multiple things can be true at the same time, you know.
Dan: The beauty of those 2 is they? Who what could you possibly offer them?
Dan: To do something for you right there they are unassailable, like. They cannot be bought. They cannot be bought.
Tina Marie: I think. Well, and I always think that our good and our bad are 2 sides of the same coin, no matter who you are.
Tina Marie: That's the issue. That they're good, and their bad is the same thing. Right?
Dan: The.
Tina Marie: Power.
Dan: The dude's track record like, what has he ever done? That's been bad.
Tina Marie: Which dude.
Dan: Elon, like the dudes, just had one success on top of the other.
Dan: He's doing the electric cars for the right reasons.
Dan: Mars, I mean he believes in that reason. I don't know if it's the right reason, but he does believe we need to potentially get off this planet in the future.
Dan: I mean he does. The reason Spacex is so successful is because he can do it at like 1 10th of the cost of the government.
Tina Marie: Trying to buy Openai's nonprofit. Now.
Dan: He should, because that guy screwed them. That guy's a scumbag.
Tina Marie: Sam Altman.
Dan: Yes, he's a liar, and he's a scumbag.
Tina Marie: I don't want to trust anybody.
Dan: I mean, he's the dude that said he's not in it for money, and now drives a 4 million dollars car. It's like, really Bro.
Tina Marie: What even is a 4 million dollars car.
Dan: Exactly. Do you know who doesn't drive a 4 million dollars car, Elon?
Dan: So it's like, I mean, even the way the guy lives. It's like he's literally sleeping on the floor in a building in DC, like, okay, that's interesting.
Tina Marie: Brought his child to the White House office, and when his child interrupted him, just dealt with it. That was a little wild to me in like a good way, but still
Tina Marie: nobody made it go away.
Dan: That's maybe his detractor is that he has multiple baby mamas.
Tina Marie: Well.
Tina Marie: I mean there's so much of that in the world, anyway. But how he handled his son! How Donald Trump handled his son, and, like all of this, is surreal to me. You know.
Dan: Oh, yeah.
Tina Marie: The world is like it doesn't even exist. There has been no version like this ever.
Dan: No, it's it's wild.
Tina Marie: So to think like there is no pattern to predict rationally what will happen, because the possibilities are infinite in a way that never has happened before.
Dan: Yeah, they're doing something that is literally inconceivable. And the people that
Dan: are in these positions that are, you know, these positions of power that they shouldn't have
Dan: that they've had that they shouldn't have. They are having the biggest. What the fuck moment of their lives.
Tina Marie: I am happy about that.
Dan: They have no recourse.
Dan: Right?
Dan: They thought they did, and nothing is working.
Tina Marie: And it's like like the light.
Dan: Yep.
Dan: So I mean, that's the whole thing like that's why, when they get the Defense Department is the biggest slush fund on the planet. So it's like, Oh, boy.
Tina Marie: We all just not pay taxes this year and let them all pay it. I think that would be fair.
Dan: No doubt.
Tina Marie: And then let's get to the Ftc. And the sec. Because how many people have they robbed?
Tina Marie: Oh, God, millionaires! Yeah.
Dan: Yes.
Dan: that's why I love. They're like they're talking about bringing Ron Paul in to audit the fed, I'm like, yes, please.
Tina Marie: Thank you.
Dan: I would love that.
Tina Marie: Where is? See? This drives me nuts. So my Zoom Meetings on the desktop app do not match the Zoom Meetings on my phone app. Do not not match the Zoom Meetings in when I log in from the web, so like I'm trying to join this call from
Tina Marie: My desktop, and I can't.
Dan: It's funny, is you were texting me, and I was in the wrong meeting, because apparently I had another meeting right now, and I was like, I didn't agree to that.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: So I'm like sitting at. I'm sitting on like this, the infusion soft meeting. But they hadn't shown up yet. It's like, Oh, thank God.
Dan: I didn't want to be on there and then bail.
Tina Marie: Oh, wait! Does AI companion not work? If it's on? I don't know.
Tina Marie: So that was cool. It just switched seamlessly from my phone to the desktop.
Dan: That's interesting.
Tina Marie: Yeah, like I. There was no process to it. And the reason I didn't see it in the meetings was because I'm on it. So I had to join it from home. Zoom keeps changing so fast.
Tina Marie: and I appreciate the growth and the evolution, but because it keeps happening so fast like. I don't even know, because it's changing in between calls, and I look like an idiot because I'm not prepared. But even if I tried to join early, anyway. It's just weird. But everything the speed, Dan, the speed. Have you been playing with any of the AI music stuff?
Dan: John and I messed with it a couple of weeks ago. I mean, it's it's super interesting, but it's like
Dan: mean. They sound realish, and it's like, you know, it's very formulaic, but also real. So
Dan: Sean and I did like he, he! We would have like this fake band that he made inside of fanflowy for like testing.
Dan: And then he I don't know. I like I had AI write lyrics, and then he used it in Suno, and I was like, God dang it! Actually, I go. We should actually like we should just make an AI band
Dan: and just release songs like this.
Dan: because if you can coax pretty good lyrics out of it if you just keep talking to it is what I've figured out. And so you it's not like a hundred percent. AI, right? So it's like Sean knew what to tell. It.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: Good music, and then I knew what to tell it, to get good goodish lyrics.
Dan: So it was interesting. I was like, Oh, you you could put it, I mean, I don't know if you could put it out. It didn't. At the end of the day it wasn't like
Dan: like the mix wasn't great. So from that perspective. But yeah, it wrote a song, and it had the parts, and it followed the instructions. It didn't follow some of the instructions. But I was like, damn dude! That's that's kind of interesting. Now, if you could get that as like multi tracks and then mix and master it for real, and then it would just you. You would never, ever know.
Tina Marie: That's crazy. Dude. Where are you at with the book right now?
Dan: Well, I was unaware that you can run out of clawed credits multiple times a day, and then it kicks you out for hours on end.
Dan: So I am on step.
Dan: So I it it. The book expanded from 7 and a half steps to
Dan: I think 9 or 10 steps. Let me see 2.
Dan: Look at this table of contents. Work to 9 steps. So I am on Step
Dan: Devin.
Dan: Oh, see, am I done with 7?
Dan: I think I just finished 7 like an hour ago.
Dan: and I'm waiting till 3 o'clock until it gives me more credits.
Dan: which is so dumb, and you can't increase the credits I'm like, this is so stupid.
Tina Marie: So can you export what you have.
Dan: I mean I have it in a G dock.
Tina Marie: Can, can you? are you at a computer right now?
Dan: Yup!
Tina Marie: Do download as Md. Which is also a new option that Google Doc did not have before. But deepseek or Claude made that happen.
Dan: Download? What.
Tina Marie: Your book right now.
Dan: No, no, I'm taking it and putting it in a Google Doc, because I don't want to lose any of it. And then at the end. I want to feed it back in, because I can see
Dan: it's better in some respects, and it's not better in some. But no, I can't do anything. I'm out of. Credits won't do anything.
Tina Marie: No, no, no! The reason I was asking is, we could output what you already have is because I would share my screen, and we could let deep research while we're talking. See what it could give you to improve.
Dan: I mean, I could send you the Google Doc, and you can just.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: Cut and paste it in there. Yeah.
Dan: I don't know what it would output.
Tina Marie: Okay.
Dan: I'm gonna have to email it to you.
Dan: It wouldn't look like anyone.
Dan: Think that Link will work.
Dan: Oh, wait! It didn't send hold on!
Dan: They're fine.
Dan: Alright sent.
Tina Marie: Oh, my gosh! A couple of days ago I went to go get my hair done. I came back, and my daughter was like mom what she looked like. She was crying. She tried not to step on Hudson because he got under her feet while she was walking, and she's trying not to squish him. She fell into the TV,
Tina Marie: can't even tell from the TV, but if you turn it on, it looks shattered. So the outside is fine. The inside is shattered.
Dan: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Tina Marie: Felt so bad. She was like all stressed out. And I felt because I wasn't there. And she's for like I'm gonna get in trouble like, why, why would you get in trouble?
Tina Marie: Yeah, anyway. So we get a new TV. But yeah, okay.
Dan: Serial, broker.
Tina Marie: I swear every freaking thing what do you call it? They use the North Star stuff. It drives me nuts.
Dan: No, it's the whole. But the whole book is a nautical theme. That's why.
Tina Marie: Oh, but did it come up with it, or did you.
Dan: I came up with the nautical theme.
Tina Marie: Okay.
Dan: The book is called the Indie Artist Compass, and it's like, so then there's all kinds of nautical.
Dan: It's that it's all a metaphor for like building a ship like you have to build a ship and captain your ship like your career is, hey? 1st you're gonna build a ship, then you're going to get out, and so you'll see it's like it talks about the seas.
Tina Marie: I just asked, because it did that with my book, and I was like, this is annoying. Now.
Dan: So it's it. As a result of the medicalness.
Tina Marie: Okay, so just for comparison, if I downloaded that as a Pdf, it's 1,112 kB. If I download it as a Markdown format. It's 148 kB.
Dan: Oh!
Dan: So interesting!
Tina Marie: Not quite 10 times smaller, but you could see how that adds up.
Tina Marie: Okay? Oh, so let me share my screen. Zoom, zoom share. Zoom chat me.
Tina Marie: Okay, so we're going to upload a file.
Tina Marie: Md.
Tina Marie: alright. So let's give it some information about this. What we're doing and what what would you like. If you could wave a magic AI wand.
Dan: Well, what I usually do is say, tell me, give me a summary of what you think this is, and then see how close it is.
Dan: and then then start querying it.
Tina Marie: Deep research probably shouldn't take long to do that.
Tina Marie: It really. Only, yeah.
Tina Marie: Okay, let's answer that question.
Dan: Oh, yeah, like a general summary.
Tina Marie: General, summary, good.
Dan: Yeah. And then the goal is like.
Dan: does it? Is it an end to end solution? Like, could, could could a user use this book and the tools mentioned within it, to
Dan: to navigate, there to start, build, and navigate.
Tina Marie: Hold on, hold on! I want to type that, so say it again.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Or do you want to read this and then ask.
Tina Marie: oh, okay, it's doing deep research. Okay, so let's let's what's the questions.
Dan: It's actually it actually just answered it.
Tina Marie: Oh, okay.
Tina Marie: that's almost kind of like a good synopsis on a cover.
Dan: Yeah.
Dan: Oh, yeah, that is, I like that. It serve. This book serves as a practical guide for independent musicians.
Dan: Yeah. So like, then I would be like. Do you think anything is missing? That's.
Tina Marie: Let's tell it who it's for.
Tina Marie: or what it's for, what? What is its purpose? Who is it? For? Whatever.
Dan: I mean. I think they nailed it.
Dan: They got it. It's a practical guide for independent musicians to help build grown. They nailed it.
Tina Marie: So, then the.
Dan: Especially like in today's music industry, very accurate.
Dan: Oh, this is! It is interesting how it's going.
Tina Marie: Oh, wait! No, no, no! Let me show you actually.
Tina Marie: Can you see this.
Dan: Yeah, yeah, I see. I'm like, Oh, it's going out and reading these websites, or whatever.
Tina Marie: The user intends concise, logically structured markdown summaries with sections on. Oh.
Tina Marie: it noticed, the format is marked down.
Tina Marie: Let me know when you read all this, and I'll scroll down.
Dan: I read it all
Dan: so like the the the main issue that these people have is they have no strategy.
Dan: That's the that's the overarching message, like the overarching thing I found was there. There is no strategy at a at a at a level of
Dan: your career, and then there's no strategy at the level of even releasing a song.
Dan: So we're trying to provide that in this book.
Dan: And with the tools mentioned in the book, fan, flowy distro flowy.
Dan: So it's like creating and releasing songs.
Dan: Right? The and the other bit is that
Dan: then we and we also want to provide a like centralized community that fosters collaboration. Blah, blah, blah.
Tina Marie: Say that again.
Dan: The other bit is that we want to create a centralized community like around
Dan: around the book, and so that people get to foster collaboration and networking, and Yada Yada Yada, so that these people aren't alone.
Tina Marie: Okay, you got too low while I was typing for me to hear that around the book, so that people.
Dan: Can collaborate network and collaborate and provide support and accountability.
Tina Marie: In July, the summer to emphasize strategic framework, for example.
Tina Marie: whoa! It's it was still working.
Tina Marie: Let me know when I should scroll.
Dan: You can scroll.
Dan: It's super interesting how it's saying, oh, brand branding is important.
Tina Marie: Wow! It's still going.
Dan: Oh, yeah, it's it's going through the entire book.
Tina Marie: Oh, oh, crap! I did not mean it.
Tina Marie: march collabs, licensing sync. Yeah, it really did.
Tina Marie: you know. See what I told you about the length, though.
Dan: Oh, yeah, it's nuts.
Tina Marie: Look at all these sources with links to? Okay. So.
Dan: It's funny. Yeah. Case studies is what
Dan: that's what Claude said was missing.
Dan: It does have worksheets and templates.
Tina Marie: Okay, so let's just answer these questions. One
Tina Marie: does.
Dan: It does. Yeah.
Dan: And it will be a, we're gonna use circle for the community. And it's literally going to be like
Dan: the the structure of the Circle community will be based on the book.
Tina Marie: It is circle.so right?
Tina Marie: Could there be built in challenges, group coaching mentorship programs?
Tina Marie: What's the answer to that.
Dan: We are. Gonna we're gonna do
Dan: song writing and releasing cohorts. And there is group coaching and mentorship.
Tina Marie: Okay, 3.
Dan: Well, I don't know that they'd have to tell us, are there?
Dan: I don't know if.
Tina Marie: There are areas where the language could be. Do?
Tina Marie: I asked you to answer that for me, or.
Tina Marie: what are more, real life, examples of indie artists who use these.
Dan: So we're gonna add those. We just haven't done it yet.
Dan: and we have worksheets in almost every chapter, and and templates and reflection prompts. We do all that
Dan: which is weird, that they use, the exact. It knows that because reflection prompts is very specific.
Dan: I want you to send me the summary that it did because I was like, Oh, my God, that's like a podcast episode.
Tina Marie: Good kiss.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: Go through. That's like the structure of an episode.
Dan: So they could do an episode on the book and then use this.
Tina Marie: Okay. Speaking of this could help you just create the transcript for A,
Tina Marie: podcast we don't need Delphi, or anything else, or Delphi or.
Dan: Those those guys have recorded 4 episodes already. We're like, they're doing it. We have it, a real podcast so the mom sites being built. Right now, I'm sending notes
Dan: to Abhishek and Vijay on the podcast pages so they could finish them.
Dan: They're doing the first, st
Dan: they're doing 2. They have a shooting schedule of Tuesdays and Thursdays. So they're gonna try to put out 2 episodes. They're gonna try to have 2 episodes a week in the can.
Dan: And I'm waiting for Joe to get back to me about like, do we release with 4 episodes? Do we release one a week like is there any strategy around podcast launching
Dan: But they've done it like they've they've 4, 4, edited, 2 more. I think they're gonna have 6 done. And they're doing 2, 2 more this week.
Dan: But we hadn't talked about doing the book. But what I just read there, as I read that I was like, Oh, shit, that's the podcast episode.
Tina Marie: That's my point, right? So that was
Tina Marie: 5 min worth of work. Imagine, if you use this every day and the iterations of the other things that you're doing.
Dan: Well, I wonder, I wonder how this
Dan: like so Claude does write better. I wonder if this writes better than Claude now.
Tina Marie: Okay, so while it's doing this work, let me show you what it gave to me after I
Tina Marie: it reads better. Actually, you know what.
Tina Marie: Let me do this. Okay, real quick, quick as a test.
Tina Marie: Can you write a version.
Dan: Move.
Tina Marie: Of Chapter one for me with
Tina Marie: all the new things you have learned about me.
Tina Marie: my values, my styles, etc.
Tina Marie: I want you to direct.
Tina Marie: I don't need what I really want.
Tina Marie: Class business, the editor. And do you know what books me.
Dan: Wait. Are you in a different.
Tina Marie: Can you not see it now.
Dan: No, no, I'm just looking at what's above it. I'm like, what is that above it?
Tina Marie: Yeah, this is, this is my stuff. I've been.
Dan: Oh, okay. I was like, Gotcha.
Tina Marie: I want to show a client what how great you can write.
Tina Marie: Remember, I want it to sound like me.
Tina Marie: So use my written samples, not for the as that was AI's.
Tina Marie: But
Tina Marie: Oh, where did I put my post?
Tina Marie: Let's go back to yours. Looks like it's done, maybe.
Tina Marie: Okay, look at all of this.
Tina Marie: So nuts, okay, review recommendations clarify language. I'll just
Tina Marie: instead of you're feeling.
Dan: Oh, that's interesting!
Tina Marie: yeah. So this is one of my pet peeves with people is using abbreviation.
Dan: Didn't know what that was, but
Dan: those guys were throwing it around. I'm like, what's an epk.
Tina Marie: Right. So for instance, if explaining touring challenges share a quick anecdote.
Tina Marie: vary the rhythm, make short and slightly longer sentences. I love that
Tina Marie: helps maintain engaging pace in the narrative. Highlight key phrases
Tina Marie: is there my gosh, simplify and structure overwhelming concepts.
Tina Marie: You want me to send this to you.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: All right just to have it a test. You want to have it rewrite a chapter for you.
Dan: Oh, no! I thought you already asked him to do that.
Tina Marie: No, I did that for me.
Dan: Oh! Oh!
Tina Marie: Because let's see if it rewrote it, because I wanted to show you what it could do. Writing.
Dan: Yeah. But you know what's so funny is like, I'm going to finish this book, and I'm probably going to rewrite it again. And now I'm like, Oh, looks like I'm going to rewrite it again, except I won't run out of credits. If I upgrade to this thing.
Tina Marie: Right? Well, so it does have a limit of 100 searches. But what you can get out of that
Tina Marie: I haven't run into the limit. Yet I could.
Dan: Coach.
Tina Marie: Every query to deep research.
Dan: Oh.
Dan: well, would you even would you even use deep research if I gave it the book and said, Let's rewrite this.
Tina Marie: Yeah, I would.
Dan: Okay.
Tina Marie: Okay, so
Dan: So I'd have 9 queries, because there's 9 steps.
Tina Marie: So what you would want to do is take this whole conversation and put it into an Md. File, so that you could also train it with what we just did right to save yourself in that.
Tina Marie: I don't think.
Dan: Well, and the good thing like Claude doesn't seem to be good about
Dan: formatting, and this like, if you have this rewrited.
Dan: I mean, this would probably rewrite the entire book in one. Go and then
Dan: then, and it. It can export a
Dan: word, Doc, and then you bring the word Doc into Google. Doc.
Tina Marie: Yeah, alright.
Tina Marie: Let's see.
Tina Marie: Great. Which chapter would you like it to rewrite.
Dan: The I think the most complicated chapter is 7
Dan: or, Yeah, step 7 should know that.
Tina Marie: Okay.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: What was it about?
Dan: That's about building your funnels and all that stuff.
Tina Marie: Oops. Stop!
Tina Marie: It's not using deep research.
Tina Marie: Now we'll go.
Dan: Get? What do you have to turn something on.
Tina Marie: Yes, down here. Deep research.
Dan: Oh.
Dan: so it's called, Step 7.
Dan: gotta go back to my computer.
Dan: Yeah, there are no chapters. That's why it's like what it's called
Dan: cultivating the tide. Step 7. Colon. Cultivating the tides.
Tina Marie: Step!
Tina Marie: Or do you want me to keep all the original content intact while enhancing clarity? Or are there any sections you feel should be expanded, restructured, or removed.
Tina Marie: we will leave it to your discretion as do let me change, but remember well, let's see.
Tina Marie: we'll just see what you do?
Tina Marie: Alright. So, while.
Dan: The issues I ran into is like
Dan: the logical flow, like I wrote the whole thing. And then when I started looking, I was like this. This shit's out of order.
Dan: It's like you can't do this before that.
Dan: But I hadn't picked up on that, and it never picked up on it. But Claude, today I was like, Hey, Claude was like leaving stuff out. I'm like what happened to this. These 2 sections. It's like, Oh, you're right. I didn't.
Tina Marie: So Claude's issue also is in projects. So I thought the solution was projects. But it's not because you run out of credits way faster, because it's like it's processing all of that information every time as a single conversation. And so you're running into credit issues faster. And it can't be coherent.
Tina Marie: so this, so far, is better than everybody, for.
Dan: Yeah, I'm I'm.
Tina Marie: Continuity.
Dan: Yeah, I'm not. The cloud running out of credits is driving me mad, I'm like, Oh, my God!
Dan: So I'll be canceling.
Tina Marie: Yup.
Tina Marie: The one thing it did do.
Tina Marie: See if I can find my Claude.
Tina Marie: We have to go projects.
Tina Marie: Hold on!
Tina Marie: I don't think you can see it. Anyway, I wanna go find it, and then I'll put it in. Here
Tina Marie: is project knowledge, Tina's voice, distinctions and style.
Tina Marie: So let's see, can I download this
Tina Marie: Google, drive
Tina Marie: alright, new talk, create and share? Oh, I think I might have put that in book content.
Tina Marie: Nope, you feature style guide, copy.
Tina Marie: where is because this will be relative for you? Hold on.
Tina Marie: And this is called gosh! Dang it!
Tina Marie: There! Okay, so file download. One thing that Claude was able to do really well
Tina Marie: after a lot of prompting was, Find the patterns of how I talk.
Tina Marie: That's not the one hold on.
Tina Marie: Let's see, what's this? It style guide.
Tina Marie: Oh, so one of the things. Okay, Tina seamlessly weaves together insights from business systems and optimization, psychology and human behavior, spiritual principle pulls and eternal truths, scientific understanding, real world experience. This creates a holistic understanding that's both practical and profound
Tina Marie: examples using temple renovation to explain business fundamentals connecting neuroscience, insights to productivity, practices, applying spiritual principles to business growth.
Tina Marie: precision, and language. This surprised me. Tina is extremely careful with word choice, meaning distinguishes between similar but different concepts. For example, effective versus full effect, challenges oversimplifications, teaches others to think carefully about language.
Tina Marie: so in terms of like capturing a writing style. Or let's say you're using it to write lyrics.
Tina Marie: You could create a persona for a writer
Tina Marie: and capture like what's unique about that songwriter
Tina Marie: and probably model after it, which I'd never thought about till just now.
Dan: It's funny you say that I learned something the other day from from AI like I was.
Dan: I don't know how I got on this.
Dan: So I've been learning music theory by
Dan: asking it. Like not. I'm not asking it theory questions. But I'm getting like theory answers. So
Dan: I was talking to. I have like a song maker gpt right? That just again doesn't have its own memory. So it kind of sucks. But anyway, I was talking to it, and it was like, Oh, blah! Blah blah!
Dan: The who writes songs using Mixolydian.
Dan: So I know Mixolydian is a mode I'm like. I don't know what the Mixolydian mode is
Dan: Mixolydian mode has a flat 7. I'm like, okay, got it. That's it. So it's the D with the flat. 7 is Mixolydian. And I'm like, how do they use Mixolydian like? I don't understand. And they're like, Oh, so instead of using the 5 chord
Dan: in whatever Mixolyn you're doing, they use the flat 7 and play it as a major chord. And I was like, Wait, what like? That's a thing. And then I was like, what who songs do this, and it gives a list, and I was like, holy shit. They do it all the time, and I'm like what that's it. You just flat. You use the flat. 7 note as a major chord, and you don't play the 5 chord in that song anymore. And they're like, Yup, I was like, wow! I never knew that.
Dan: So I'm like, I'm going to play with that.
Tina Marie: That's awesome.
Dan: I know.
Tina Marie: There's so much to learn. So here's step 7.
Dan: Oh, yeah, this is better, damn it.
Dan: cause Claude just keeps spitting out bullet points, and I'm like Bro. Too many bullet points.
Tina Marie: Worksheet right here.
Dan: Oh!
Tina Marie: So I don't like any of that. I would get rid of all that.
Dan: Yeah, like we. And this is what the discussion I have with Claude. I'm like, no, we don't want to give them specific things to do on a social media platform, because that'll be
Dan: redundant next week.
Tina Marie: This is what I do when it spits. This out is, I go through the numbers one at a time, and I will copy and paste what it said, and I will rewrite a thing. But then, from that point forward, I usually don't have to rewrite that type of thing anymore.
Dan: So interesting like that. It keeps going to this idea like there's nothing in the book about behind the scenes, content.
Dan: And it it kept saying, Do that, do that.
Tina Marie: So then, because deep research is so good, you could go do that and say, for some reason this keeps coming up right, and it comes up with different models. Here's
Tina Marie: it. It doesn't say this. Here's why it doesn't say this. Here's why we don't want to say this. Here's what we say instead, if you do that, it will get better and better, and its ability to ma remember, across these conversations is so huge. So I'll copy this and send this over to you.
Dan: Say, like you should go get pro narrative
Dan: writing is good, but some of the stuff it's saying to do it's like, No, it's like it's completely ignored. Fan flowy, set up your email platform. Nope.
Tina Marie: So
Tina Marie: because it can retain so much more. Even if you've done all this before, you should go, do it with deep research.
Dan: Yeah.
Dan: Well, I'm gonna finish it with Claude just to. So I can be like, put a PIN in that and be like, all right, I did it.
Tina Marie: Oh!
Dan: Which should take me 2 more days.
Tina Marie: Oh.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: You would think they would just sell you more credits. Nope.
Tina Marie: I know you would have to just go buy a completely new account and train it from the beginning. I'm like it. Yeah, that is is so dumb.
Dan: Yeah, it's so dumb.
Tina Marie: Yeah. So this whole thing was a pitch for you to go by.
Dan: Yeah. Do you have your affiliate link or.
Tina Marie: No, no, just go build something freaking, awesome and but the way that you love puzzles this is your new puzzle, Buddy.
Dan: Well, I do like that. I can. I mean, I could probably pull some interesting shit out of it. Long term.
Tina Marie: Oh, yeah, it for sure. Gets your $200 worth.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: But it can also code way better.
Dan: Norio's like goes off about how good Claude is at coding.
Tina Marie: Yeah, until deep research. I would I would run them against each other.
Tina Marie: Claude was better, Claude. I don't know that deep research is better up until like last week.
Tina Marie: So, Claude, for example, if you like. So both of them have
Tina Marie: not fully current Internet access. Right? So, for example, if the repositories have changed on Github. They're all outdated.
Tina Marie: Chatgvt would go in circles, even on pro which was the beast mode and reasoning and coding, and
Tina Marie: it would just keep running into the but this is supposed to be here. But this is supposed to be here. Why is it not there? We must be doing something wrong. It must be the user right. Claude was like, wait a minute. Let me see all of the files. Right? So runs the command to see all the files in the terminal
Tina Marie: and like Oh, well, this is not what it's supposed to be. They must have updated it. I must not have the current system. Let me read the readmetxt. Oh, they did change it. Here's the update. This is what we actually should be seeing. Now let's adjust our approach.
Dan: Right.
Tina Marie: Yeah, but
Tina Marie: I don't know that deep research couldn't do that now or do it better. So that would be worth trying. But worst case scenario. You pay $20 for code support from Cloud. You know it's still cheaper than a whole lot of other things.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Anyway.
Dan: Well, then, it's just like your your
Dan: time. Right? It's like, then you do effective hourly rate. I'm like, Okay.
Tina Marie: Yep.
Tina Marie: okay.
Tina Marie: While
Tina Marie: I mean, really, the book is a thing. Is there anything? You were sick for a while? So that's probably as good as.
Dan: Sure was.
Tina Marie: Conversation, no deal any better now.
Dan: No, we're also sick of.
Tina Marie: Well, I mean, like functional, better.
Dan: The danger.
Dan: Certainly. Functional. Yeah.
Tina Marie: Your mom.
Dan: Well, I'm
Dan: I don't know when I agreed to this, so I guess my brother's out of town, and they're like, Hey, can you sleep. Stay over while he's out of town, and I was like, I guess. And then I go over last night and I'm like, what am I doing like. I don't even understand. Like, what what have I agreed to?
Dan: And my mom's like, well, your brother said, you do it. I'm like, Yeah, obviously, yes, I said, I do it. And now I'm saying, what did I agree to?
Dan: She's like, you don't know. I'm like No.
Dan: 4 nights. I'm like what what the what is wrong with you. I'm like I have to babysit you for 4 nights like. Come on.
Dan: so that's what I'm doing. She's she's not sick, though she's definitely better.
Dan: although she's having some issue with like.
Dan: there's like a side effect from. She thinks from her new cholesterol medicine that like makes her hand cramp up.
Tina Marie: Oh!
Dan: She's like I I so she's like, I can't open a doorknob.
Dan: I'm like, Oh, yeah. Well, you should. Probably that switched.
Tina Marie: Yeah, doesn't medicines and their side effects.
Dan: Yeah, that's.
Tina Marie: Those are rough, the body is so complicated.
Tina Marie: not fun. Well, I hope she feels better. I hope everybody heals up quickly, and also I am looking forward to see what you've done between now and next week with deep research, because I think it's gonna be cool.
Dan: We're gonna finish this damn book.
Tina Marie: You want to finish that book, and then probably other things before next week, even without doing a lot. So just so, you know, the Ios Update now has deep research on it. It looks like this little, that little icon. I don't know if you I stopped sharing, but it looks to me like a telescope.
Tina Marie: So you tap on that. And it does deep research. It's not doing it by default, because there are limits to how much you can use. But by being able to do it on your phone, you can, just, you know, answer the questions that I ask you. It'll take anywhere from a minute to like 1520 min, sometimes 30 min, to do a long thing, and the more specific parameters that you give it, like
Tina Marie: these are people who agree with the theories that I agree with. These are the people that don't. So don't ever give me these types of examples. Don't go to these types of sites do go to these examples and these types of sites, and you'll get even more stuff. And so you can just have like a 2 or 3 min conversation, put it down, go to the next thing, and then, when you're ready, come back, and it just keeps working.
Dan: Yeah, that's cuckoo.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Tina Marie: you're yeah. I'm I'm looking forward to our next conversation, even with a sick brain. I think that you'll just be like Whoa, let's go.
Dan: Well, I was gonna tell you so.
Dan: it's like the 1st month of another 71 wraps up. And I'm like, Well, okay, let's see if sales have gone up. We're averaging 40 a day.
Dan: So I'm like, is this really happening like.
Dan: did we really just increase new customers a day by 9, just introducing this new subscription.
Dan: The answer may be, yes, because the last 7 days we've been averaging 50 a day.
Dan: And I'm like, Oh, okay.
Dan: So Bobby's like, alright. So now we need to analyze the churn. I'm like, no, Bobby, we are not gonna know for months.
Dan: like all we can do is watch the new customers a day and
Dan: see what happens. But I'm like.
Dan: on Monday. I was like we shouldn't do anything. We should just leave everything alone, we shouldn't change anything. This is this is way better than I thought it was going to be.
Dan: So.
Dan: Stop working. Everyone.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Tina Marie: it's yeah. Anyway, it's good. Like, I, you know, cautiously optimistic and excited. But there's still real work to do. It's just that the work is so much more leveraged, and the pace can increase without adding too much more stress without adding any more stress. The bigger issue is putting guardrails on, because it's so easy to be sucked back into the work
Tina Marie: because it can.
Dan: Well.
Tina Marie: Cast.
Dan: Yeah, I mean, it's now it's getting to the point where, like
Dan: the. So there it's like, well, we shouldn't do anything like. Now I'm like, well, I really shouldn't
Dan: like we have to let this probably run 3 months and then see
Dan: what really happens before we do anything like a social media strategy or really go go after Cpa exam.com. I'm like, because we won't really know, like we need this number to settle in. If it's 38 a day. If it's 39 today, like, okay, then that's what it is.
Dan: And then because we can't measure this other stuff
Dan: and like, it's like, this is the test. The test was, just launch the new subscription. See what happens. And in theory you should wait 3 months.
Dan: And I'm like, okay? Well, which which I'm fine with, it's like great. We just increased the business like a shit ton.
Dan: And then the with the fan flowy, it's like we put we launch the website on Monday, Tuesday.
Dan: And now I'm gonna see, I just want to see if, like, we get organic leads. And then we started running some really basic ads.
Dan: Norio did a bunch of stuff. So it should be like all buttoned up also by the end of the quarter.
Dan: And then I'm like, okay. And then that thing is just
Dan: gonna be running. They're they're they signed up like 3 more bands.
Dan: I'm like, Okay, this is this is going.
Dan: So it's like, yeah, I think I can just do these 2 things.
Dan: I think I think weirdly, it's going exactly as I planned.
Tina Marie: I was. Gonna say, like I, I'm I'm here looking like Duh. Everything that's been happening for several months has been leaning up to that and that conversation. But but of course it's
Tina Marie: theory and concept now being validated further and further. So I get it.
Dan: Yep, yep, totally.
Tina Marie: But that is nice, though, and especially because you're in this transition period. I mean Mariel. Is she going to go to school? Does she know? What does she want to do?
Dan: She does not want to go to school.
Tina Marie: But what does she want to do.
Dan: She wants to get like a 2 year degree like she was talking about being a dental hygienist, I'm like, where did that come from?
Dan: So she.
Tina Marie: It. They make easy money, and it's a quick degree.
Dan: Oh, yeah, I think.
Tina Marie: Here.
Dan: I think she just wants to get right to like making money and not
Dan: stick around in school for 4 years, but we'll see. I mean, that was her most recent version.
Tina Marie: Well, either way, to be able to have the money to have the work that you do put you in a good mood because it's fun. It's the things that you want to do, and it's got purpose and meaning. And then also just to have time to be with the family and do things, but you'll also be in a situation where you can help Denise and Mariel and maybe Evelynn, but she's busy with school.
Tina Marie: find their purpose, and the thing that like makes them happy, because that is the thing I think that most souls seem to be craving right now is this world is full of busy things, but not purposeful things, and people are drowning in the
Tina Marie: void of it all, and they don't even know it
Tina Marie: because they feel like they're constantly getting stimulated, and they are. But it's without meaning. It's like, it's like,
Tina Marie: I don't know like filling up on food that has 0 calories right? And.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Nutrients. You're busy eating. Your tummy's full. You're going through all the motions, but you're getting nothing out of it. That's pretty much what this
Tina Marie: this world has a lot of it's not all it is.
Tina Marie: but there's a lot of that. And people are really stuck in that. So the freedom that you have with
Tina Marie: this business is that it fills you up
Tina Marie: plus it finances you, plus. It frees you up so that you can go give that to your family.
Dan: Right.
Tina Marie: New Years go, Mr. Diane. All right, get better. That's a command. Do it.
Dan: Yep.
Tina Marie: And I will talk to you later. Try to have a good weekend. Don't work too hard.
Dan: Cool.
Tina Marie: Talk to you later.
Dan: Alright! Later.
Tina Marie: Bye.